how about that yeah how horses and
anything you might buy those is Duncan
songsters and toasted white qua so you
imagine song like this year
Oh is she coming - bah Oh get out don't
know how song ends yeah
don't even know what sannyas is or
something this year now I know what some
toast like was really my good hand ow
someone's being so paranoid because Y Z
you know oh and yeah because I'm John
Hancock and elsewhere Kaku knuckles and
from that angle
sorry hazard opponent Kate and her three
Tucker tones microwave okay go again
zone no because they can get through
high Orion chance they have
oh yeah I'll sing some more shame they
can talk to Papa it's also be the wisest
on this one conga conga gonna hand up
you're gonna go no no no no I would say
oh no danger because it uses Jitsu
well no choice
ah as a soil from coral competence
candid table 13 aj doki suru l'aiye mii
surulere ano Canada Oh a minute all is
lost you have more than gang hey guys
she hung who does the thing yeah tight
end bye bye